docs: add pytorch training notebook (#1011)
docarray/docarray: README.md

class MyDocument(BaseDocument):
    description: str
    image_url: ImageUrl

>     image_tensor: Optional[TorchTensor]

Author: it fails otherwise because the image we load the line after does not have this shape

>     image_tensor: Optional[TorchTensor]

Reviewer: Can we use the correct shape then? I think this is a cool feature to showcase

>     image_tensor: Optional[TorchTensor]

Author: done

doc = Image(
    url="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2f/Alpamayo.jpg",
)
doc.tensor = doc.url.load()  # load image tensor from URL
doc.embedding = clip_image_encoder(
    doc.tensor
)  # create and store embedding using model of your choice
```
### Compose nested Documents:

> <!-- #region -->

Author: what is this region stuff ?

```

It is not easy on the eye ..., even worse if you need to add one more modality you have to handle all of these tuples etcc

Let see how it will loooks with DocArray

```python
from docarray import DocumentArray, BaseDocument
from docarray.documents import Image, Text, Audio
from docarray.typing import TorchTensor

import torch

class Podcast(BaseDocument):
    text: Text
    image: Image
    audio: Audio

class PairPodcast(BaseDocument):
    left: Podcast
    right: Podcast

class MyPodcastModel(nn.Module):
    def __init__(self):
        super().__init__()
        self.audio_encoder = AudioEncoder()
        self.image_encoder = ImageEncoder()
        self.text_encoder = TextEncoder()

    def forward_podcast(da: DocumentArray[Podcast]) -> DocumentArray[Podcast]:
        da.audio.embedding = self.audio_encoder(da.audio.tensor)
        da.text.embedding = self.text_encoder(da.text.tensor)
        da.image.embedding = self.image_encoder(da.image.tensor)

        return da

    def forward(da: DocumentArray[PairPodcast]) -> DocumentArray[PairPodcast]:
        da.left = self.forward_podcast(da.left)
        da.right = self.forward_podcast(da.right)

        return da
```

> You win in code readibility and maintainability. And for the same price you can turn your pytorch model into a FastAPI app and reuse the same
> schema definition that you used during training as schema for your RestAPI. Everything handle in pythonic manner relying the the type hint for your
> function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looks much better, doesn't it?
You instantly win in code readability and maintainability. And for the same price you can turn your PyTorch model into a FastAPI app and reuse your Document
schema definition (see below). Everything handles in a pythonic manner by relying on type hints.
```
